we are going off to get breakfast daily
number seven
[Music]
well we are about to go to one of my
favorite places I know this videos all
about favorite places which is Sakura ku
which hopefully I'm pronouncing that
right probably not it is behind me is
this really cool church that's built on
top of a mountain has an amazing view
and because we're lazy Americans were
going to take one of these things one of
these things up up the hill instead of
climbing a lot of stairs
[Music]
all right so we finally made it here we
are at Sakura Cove which is a lot of
people don't know this it's a a concert
venue that was built in 1972 for
traveling artists to be able to perform
it only costs $10 to go in you can watch
a full orchestra and they put it on top
of this mountain because it gives great
acoustics and actually in the evening
the sound rolls out over the whole city
and you can hear from everywhere even
out to the Eiffel Tower
how did it feel to have all those old
people hurt a few I wish I was as simple
as them
[Music]
it doesn't matter just pick Paris region
it's like the first one Rodin's somehow
my ticket works but his didn't so now
he's locked on the other side of this
and we need him to come over here yeah
yeah pick ticket to play
leaving soccer come out time to take the
train to a little tower little tower
[Music]
you know I love the train system in
Paris it's so good you just get anywhere
you need to be really quickly all the
trains come very quickly it is fantastic
[Music]
well we made it third time I've been
know it's actually the fourth it's the
fourth time that I've been here at the
Eiffel Tower I don't know why I've seen
it so many times but for some reason I
still want to go check it out every time
I come here what's crazy about the
Eiffel Tower is that it
despite being depicted in many movies
and stories way back when it actually
wasn't erected until 2001 because Paris
up until that point in time do I have
DSL and I think it's because it's sort
of like the island nation situation so
they erected is a great way to get like
just a ton of internet over from London
on the other side and that's that's what
feels like kind of the economy here
[Music]